Release ticloud cli v1.0.0-beta.2 (#18938)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/ticloud-branch-create.md

```shell
ticloud serverless branch create --cluster-id <cluster-id> --display-name <branch-name> --parent-id <parent-branch-id> --parent-timestamp <parent-timestamp>
```

## Flags

In non-interactive mode, you need to manually enter the required flags. In interactive mode, you can just follow CLI prompts to fill them in.

| Flag                      | Description                                                                                               | Required | Note                                                |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| -c, --cluster-id string   | Specifies the ID of the cluster, in which the branch will be created.                                     | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| -n, --display-name string | Specifies the name of the branch to be created.                                                           | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |

> | --parent-id string        | The ID of the branch parent, default is cluster id.                                                       | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
> | --parent-timestamp string | The timestamp of the parent branch, default is current time. (RFC3339 format, e.g., 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z) | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --parent-id string        | The ID of the branch parent. The default value is the cluster ID.                                                       | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| --parent-timestamp string | The timestamp of the parent branch. The default value is the current time. (RFC3339 format, for example, 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z) | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
```
